Main readme rewrite (#431)
mrgnlabs/marginfi-v2: README.md

for developers, emode, fees, bankruptcies, liquidation, etc? Check the [guides
folder](https://github.com/mrgnlabs/marginfi-v2/tree/main/guides)!

## Overview

The Marginfi program is a decentralized borrow-lending platform that enables undercollateralized
lending against a variety of assets, including cryptocurrencies such as SOL, USDC, USDT, etc,
natively staked SOL, Liquid Staking Tokens (LST), and even lending positions on other platforms such
as Kamino.

## Glossary And Important Terms

- **Group** - A collection of banks. Groups have a single administrator (typically a secure
  governance MS) who has broad authority over them, and several delegate admins (limit, emode, etc)
  that can perform less risky modifications. All the assets you see at app.0.xyz are in a single
  group overseen by the foundation.
- **Bank** - Each asset available to borrow and lend on mrgnlend has a Bank, this account controls
  all the settings for the asset. Many banks might exist for the same asset. Every asset on
  app.0.xyz is a Bank.
- **Account** - Users can create as many Accounts as they want. Accounts are per `Group`, and each

>   account can have up to 16 positions in any `Bank`. The Account contains various user-specific

Reviewer: Just to clarify that there cannot be 16 positions in one Bank:
```suggestion
  account can have up to 16 positions in different `Bank`s. The Account contains various user-specific
```
